Consistencies with scaling (#45237)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-functions/functions-scale.md

---
# Azure Functions scale and hosting

> When you create a function app in Azure, you must choose a hosting plan for your app. There are three hosting plans available for Azure Functions: [Consumption plan](#consumption-plan), [Premium plan](#premium-plan), and [Dedicated (App Service) plan](#app-service-plan).

Author: Match the name of the plan to the section it links to

The hosting plan you choose dictates the following behaviors:

* How your function app is scaled.
* The resources available to each function app instance.

> * Support for advanced features, such as VNet connectivity.

Author: Change casing to match the rest of the article and https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-network/virtual-networks-overview

> * Support for advanced features, such as Azure Virtual Network (VNet) connectivity.

Reviewer: I just checked with our internal editorial guidelines, and we aren't supposed to even use VNet (or VNET) 😦 
```suggestion
* Support for advanced features, such as Azure Virtual Network connectivity.
```

Feature support falls into the following two categories:

* _Generally available (GA)_: fully supported and approved for production use.

> * _Preview_: not yet fully supported nor approved for production use.

Author: Made it sound like Preview means the feature is not yet fully supported but is approved for production use

* You have a high number of small executions and have a high execution bill but low GB second bill in the consumption plan.
* You need more CPU or memory options than what is provided by the Consumption plan.
* Your code needs to run longer than the [maximum execution time allowed](#timeout) on the Consumption plan.

> * You require features that are only available on a Premium plan, such as VNet/VPN connectivity.

Reviewer: Per guidelines, we are supposed to spell out `virtual network` every time 😦 
```suggestion
* You require features that are only available on a Premium plan, such as virtual network connectivity.
```

Reviewer: @andresnava  If you can please accept my suggestion, we can merge your PR. Thanks.
